well howdy there internet village bow
again so today we're going to talk about
the president's great idea and it is we
got to give credit where credit is due
and he's got an idea that's worth
talking about he's proposing a program
to protect religious freedom okay big
key note of this is to protect religious
sites man I think that's a great idea I
really do I'm not joking I know people
have people think I'm being sarcastic
right now I'm not I think it's a great
idea
protect the birthplace of Jesus the
Church of the Nativity sites important
to all the various religions currently
practicing and those that have faded
away I think it's a great idea in fact I
think we should take that idea and
expand it and protect sites of cultural
significance as well and historical
significance protect all of these
religious places as well as ancient
sites that are important to
understanding who we are as a people
across the world we could protect the
Statue of Liberty and the Cahokia Mounds
I don't see why I had to stop at
religion I think it's a great oh wait
wait that organization already exists
its called UNESCO and Trump pulled us
out of it his great brilliant visionary
idea has been done it's going on without
him and he undermined it as far as the
other aspects of that of his little
proposal that's that's that's all fine
protecting religious freedom for
individuals it's a good idea it's
something that should happen that's why
we have the Universal Declaration on
Human Rights which he constantly
undermines by his relationship with
Duarte and the Saudis and all of these
dictators that constantly undermine not
just religious freedom but freedoms of
all kind
it's also protected as far as when
things go bad they're protected by the
protocol on the treatment of refugees
which he constantly undermines fails to
live up to the treaty obligations this
is a con it's a card there's nothing new
in this there's nothing visionary in
this it's all been done and he's
undermined it every step of his
administration and now he wants credit
for coming up with it it is something
that is very typical of a Trump move at
the end of the day yeah he's right these
things need to be protected they
absolutely do they're critical to
understanding our history as a people
people in the world he's right the thing
is they were already being done and up
until now he's done everything he could
to stop it but now well he realizes he's
losing he realizes that people are
turning against him realizing that he's
a con so in typical fashion he attempts
to perpetrate another con because that's
what this is if he actually cared about
any of this stuff he could have acted on
it anytime within the last three years
in fact all he had to do was not hamper
it but he did anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day